index.md, before:

# Trunk

Trunk allows you to mass-follow a bunch of people in order to get
started with [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/) or any other
platform on the [Fediverse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fediverse).
Mastodon is a free, open-source, decentralized microblogging network.

If you click on one of the lists below, you'll see a page full of
accounts. Click to see their timelines and follow them individually,
or click the big button at the top to do follow them all. I hope this
helps you find some people to follow. Please remember that we're all
human and interests change and nobody promised to either an expert on
these topics or to be posting exclusively about these topics. 🙂

If you want to be added to a list, or removed from a list, or if you'd
like to see a new list, or if you have any other questions and
concerns, contact one of the administrators via Mastodon:

- [@aminb@pleroma.site](https://pleroma.site/users/aminb)
- [@Thepunkgeek@chaos.social](https://chaos.social/@Thepunkgeek)
- [@eloisa@masto.pt](https://masto.pt/@eloisa)
- [@kensanata@octodon.social](https://octodon.social/@kensanata)

Note that you cannot volunteer other people. People have to volunteer
themselves. Please encourage them to contact one of the
administrators!

When you follow an entire list, this is what happens:

1. you are redirected to your instance

2. you must login if you aren't logged in already

3. you must authorize Trunk (this application)

4. Trunk makes your account follow every person in the list you picked
   (unless you're following them already)
   
5. Trunk creates a list with the same name for you

6. any new account Trunk just followed are added to this list
   (hopefully this helps you to quickly unfollow them if you made a
   mistake)

If you follow all the accounts on the list, and new accounts get added
at a later point, you won't automatically follow them. No automatic
updates!

**Privacy**: We do not store your credentials. We use cookies to save
your account while you're being redirected. These cookies should
expire after 60s.

(Also, since this is the early days, please know that there are
downtimes when I'm desperately trying to fix things, probably right
now! 😢)

Commit message:

index: just mention one of us

index.md, after:

# Trunk

Trunk allows you to mass-follow a bunch of people in order to get
started with [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/) or any other
platform on the [Fediverse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fediverse).
Mastodon is a free, open-source, decentralized microblogging network.

If you click on one of the lists below, you'll see a page full of
accounts. Click to see their timelines and follow them individually,
or click the big button at the top to do follow them all. I hope this
helps you find some people to follow. Please remember that we're all
human and interests change and nobody promised to either an expert on
these topics or to be posting exclusively about these topics. 🙂

If you want to be added to a list, or removed from a list, or if you'd
like to see a new list, or if you have any other questions and
concerns, contact one of the administrators via Mastodon.

As *Trunk* and the number of requests is growing, we kindly
ask you to mention just *one* of us. Thank you! 😅

- [@aminb@pleroma.site](https://pleroma.site/users/aminb)
- [@Thepunkgeek@chaos.social](https://chaos.social/@Thepunkgeek)
- [@eloisa@masto.pt](https://masto.pt/@eloisa)
- [@kensanata@octodon.social](https://octodon.social/@kensanata)

Note that you cannot volunteer other people. People have to volunteer
themselves. Please encourage them to contact one of the
administrators!

When you follow an entire list, this is what happens:

1. you are redirected to your instance

2. you must login if you aren't logged in already

3. you must authorize Trunk (this application)

4. Trunk makes your account follow every person in the list you picked
   (unless you're following them already)
   
5. Trunk creates a list with the same name for you

6. any new account Trunk just followed are added to this list
   (hopefully this helps you to quickly unfollow them if you made a
   mistake)

If you follow all the accounts on the list, and new accounts get added
at a later point, you won't automatically follow them. No automatic
updates!

**Privacy**: We do not store your credentials. We use cookies to save
your account while you're being redirected. These cookies should
expire after 60s.

(Also, since this is the early days, please know that there are
downtimes when I'm desperately trying to fix things, probably right
now! 😢)
